ORDERING:
	Stations -> 10
	Player -> 10
	Food -> 5
	Tool -> 5
	UI -> 100


CODE ARCHITECTURE:
	Parent Scenes:
		- Food.tscn
		- Tool.tscn
	
	Station Class Inheritance Tree:
		Station -> Fridge -> HoldableStation -> Blender
				-> Sink 					 ->Chopping Board
				-> Countertop 	 			 -> Oven
				-> Trash Can 				 -> Stove
											 -> Deep Fryer
											 -> Mixing Bowl
								
	
	How Cooking works:
		recipe.gd:
			Stores the definition of what a recipe is, it is branched out to two
			types which are combine recipes and process recipes. This script is empty
			and only serves to signify that the two recipe types are of the same
			parent.
	
		combine_recipe.gd:
			Stores the input and output for recipes that are done when combining
			food in the mixing bowl. It accepts 2-3 food and outputs a food scene
			as a result.
	
		process_recipe.gd:
			Stores the input station name and food name then outputs a method name
			in food.gd to determine what will happen to the food after it was
			processed in a particular station. 
	
		recipe_manager.gd:
			Initializes and stores all the possible recipes the game has to offer 
			and 2 functions to check if a recipe exist for combine recipes and
			process recipes.
	
		station_ui.gd:
			This is where everything is orchestrated and where results, food, and
			tools will be added, changed, and removed accordingly to each station
			slots.
	
	
		recipe.gd -> combine_recipe.gd -> recipe_manager.gd -> station_ui.gd
					 process_recipe.gd
	
	Station Scripts Explanation:
		station.gd:
			Stores class_name and station_ui_interact_component variable. Checks the
			allowed item type of the slot and if what the player is holding is allowed,
			if so it will handle the swapping logic. Also stores functions about
			executing station functionality.
		
		holdable_station.gd:
			A child class of the Station class that is responsible for storing the
			holdable component and which counter-top a holdable station is placed
			on or the lack thereof.
		
		station_slot.gd:
			Attached to a UI slot that sends a signal if its area was pressed with 
			mouse left-click. Also handles the food image within itself to match 
			whatever it's storing and what item types are allowed to store within.
		
		station_ui_controller.gd:
			Receives the signal if a station with a UI is interacted and opens the
			corresponding UI. It also sends a reference for the UI and unreferences
			it if the UI is closed.
		
		station_ui.gd:
			Responsible for orchestrating when should certain functions be ran and
			the child control nodes functionality.
	
	Components:
		interact_component.gd:
			Register and unregisters itself within the Player's nearby_interact_components 
			array and sends a signal when interact() has been called by player.
			This is attached to all objects that can be interacted by the player.
	
		holdable_component.gd:
			Attached to objects that can be held by the player. It handles following
			the player, knowing if it is picked up, being placed inside or taken 
			out from stations and on counter-tops.
	
		station_ui_interact_component.gd:
			Attached to stations with UIs and is responsible for detecting if they
			are interacted with and opens/closes the UI accordingly. For Holdable
			Stations, this component is disabled until they are placed on a
			counter-top.
	
	Player:
		The Player is responsible for interacting with everything, picking up objects,
		and executing processes in stations. It is the most referenced in scripts.


GAME ENTITIES:
	Player:
		- Clothes
		- Boots
		- Hat
	
	Stations:
		- Fridge
		- Counter-top
		- Trash Can
		- Sink
		- Blender
		- Chopping Board
		- Oven
		- Stove
		- Deep Fryer
		- Mixing Bowl
	
	Tools:
		- Tamper
		- Knife
		- Sheet Pan
		- Cooking Pot
		- Frying Basket
		- Wooden Spoon
		- Sponge
		- Plate
	
	Food:


ALL ABOUT FOOD:
	Food Properties:
		Food has properties that defines them. They're separated into 2 categories 
		and into 5 sub-categories which are:
			What has been done to the food:
				- Shape State (Whole, Blended, Chopped)
				- Cook State (Raw, Boiled, Baked, Fried)
				- Flavor State (Plain, Salted, Spicy, Sweet, etc.)
	
			The nature of the food:
				- Classification (Meat, Dairy, Vegetable, etc.)
				- Tier (Basic, Prepared, Final)
				- Freshness (Fresh, Stale, Spoiled)
	
		For some categories like shape state, food are initially whole and when
		their shape changes, they cannot go back or change into another shape.
	
	Food Tiers:
		This is based on how they were prepared and what they were combined with.
	
		Basic -> Prepared -> Final
	
		They do not necessarily have to go through each tier.
		(e.g. Two Basic Ingredients can become a Final Dish immediately)
	
	Food Freshness:
		Food has a timer where if a certain threshold has passed, its freshness 
		worsens as time goes by. Below are the three states of freshness a food 
		can be in.
	
		Fresh -> Stale -> Spoiled
	
		Once food transitions to the next state of freshness, it can never go back.
		Placing food in/on any station will slow down spoiling with varying 
		effectiveness. Food's freshness affects overall quality if served/prepared.
	
	Sludge:
		This is the output when you combine or prepare food in stations that does not 
		exist in the game's recipe logs. They will produce repulsive sludge that is 
		not fit for serving. An example would be putting an Egg in the blender or
		combining Meat and Blended Apples.


ALL ABOUT STATIONS:
	There are two types of stations and these are the Stationary Stations which
	cannot be picked up and does something unique, while Holdable Stations must
	be placed on a Counter-top in order for the player to operate on it, they also
	need a specific tool that the player must be holding to apply actions on food.
	Also Holdable Stations becomes dirty after every use so you must wash them in
	the Sink.
	
	Stationary Stations:
		Fridge:
			It has 15 slots where you can store food to slow down spoilage
			by 90%.
	
		Counter-top:
			This is an essential station to be able to place holdable stations 
			such as the Blender, Chopping Board, Oven, Stove, Deep Fryer and 
			Mixing Bowl to be able to prepare food on them. You may also place a 
			singular piece of food on the counter to slow down spoilage by 25% and
			a tool just because you can.
	
		Trash Can:
			Has 4 slots where you can put food, tools, and holdable stations in and 
			after 1 minute, they will be permanently disposed off. Food placed inside
			will be spoiled and Tools will be dirty immediately so be careful when 
			putting in items. Removing an item will reset the 1 minute timer for it.
			
		Sink:
			Can hold 6 slots where you can simultaneously wash all 6 tools. Needs 
			a sponge to operate on.
	
	Holdable Stations:
		Blender:
			You can blend a singular piece of food to turn it into its Blended state.
			Needs a Tamper to operate on.
		
		Chopping Board:
			Chop a singular piece of food to turn it into its Chopped state. Needs a 
			Knife to operate on.
		
		Oven:
			Bake a singular piece of food to turn it into its Baked state. Needs a 
			Sheet Pan to operate on.
		
		Stove:
			Boil a singular piece of food to turn it into its Boiled state. Needs a 
			Cooking Pot to operate on. It needs "Water" as the cooking medium.
		
		Deep Fryer:
			Fry a singular piece of food to turn it into its Fried state. Needs a 
			Frying Basket to operate on. It needs "Oil" as the cooking medium.
			
		Mixing Bowl:
			You can put in 2-3 food to combine them into a new dish and/or apply a 
			flavor state to the food. Be careful because this is where they might
			turn into sludge. Needs a Wooden Spoon to operate on.
		
		Magic Almanac:
			Stores all information about every food, tool, station, rats, and
			the whole game in general. The Inspect tab is where you can place in
			an item and it will tell you all about that item and its current state.
			Only entities that you have encountered/obtained has information in 
			the almanac, needing you to explore and discover them first.


ALL ABOUT TOOLS:
	Tools are required to operate on certain stations or for general use, they wear 
	down and become dirty after every completion in a station and you have to wash 
	them for each use (Except the sponge) also you might have to get a new one if 
	its worn down. Below are the existing tools and the station they are used for.
	
	- Tamper (Blender)
	- Knife (Chopping Board)
	- Sheet Pan (Oven)
	- Cooking Pot (Stove)
	- Frying Basket (Deep Fryer)
	- Wooden Spoon (Mixing Bowl)
	- Sponge (Sink)
	
	- Plate: Used for serving a finished dish to rat customers. They shatter when
	dropped on the floor. Has to be cleaned after a rat customer eats on it. Never
	wears down after each use.


ALL ABOUT RATS:
	Rats are your main customer where they go in and out of your dining area and 
	orders food. Different types of rats has different tastes and preference. They
	give their rating and money depending on factors like food accuracy, food
	freshness, and flavor accuracy. Certain decor you put in the dining area attracts
	certain types of rats. Low ratings will attract rats that are picky but doesn't
	pay as much. Below are the types of rats and their tiers.
	
	Low Tier:
		Worker Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 10/100
			Payment Range: 20-70 scraps
		
		Jolly Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 15/100
			Payment Range: 60-100 scraps
		
		Pretentious Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 40/100
			Payment Range: 65-130 scraps
	
	Mid Tier:
		Merchant Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 20/100
			Payment Range: 40-130 scraps
		
		Fashionista Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 30/100
			Payment Range: 50-180 scraps
			
		Mechanic Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 15/100
			Payment Range: 30-140 scraps
	
	High Tier:
		Connoisseur Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 50/100
			Payment Range: 50-230 scraps
			
		Food Critic Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 75/100
			Payment Range: 80-300 scraps
			
		Supertaster Rat:
			Pickiness Rating: 90/100
			Payment Range: 40-500 scraps
